- [Instructor] Spring data comments query methods
are static.
Filtering by multiple fields requires several query methods
covering all possible combinations.
In this example, filtering just by age, last name,
and full-time requires seven different query methods
plus invocation logic.
Querydsl is a dynamic search criteria framework.
It works with various data sources including JPA
and MongoDB.
Spring data comments provides an extension to querydsl
via the querydsl predicate executor interface.
A repository extending from querydsl predicate executor
overloads the find and count and exist methods.
Predicate is the search criteria.
The querydsl annotation processor generates what are called
Qclasses from entities.
Qclasses are search criteria helpers to create what
are called boolean expressions, the building blocks
of predicates.
In this example I have a helper class student expressions
that dynamically creates boolean expressions.
Take a moment to read through them.
So I have a static method called has last name,
I have a method called is full time and a method called
is older than.
Now we just mix and match the boolean expressions
into predicates and pass them into our repository
find all method.
It's much cleaner looking isn't it?
And it reads better too.
So find all students with the last name Smith that's full
time and is older than 20.
Find all students that's full time and is older than 20.
Find all students that has the last name Smith and is older
than 20.
To learn more about this powerful open source project,
check out the site www.querydsl.com.